So right now, the sweater that I'm wearing is submarine community sweater.
But I wars the chief engineer on my two wars from World War Two
vintage design sweater that was was born on ship. Um, and the hat that
I'm wearing right now, this hat is from my first command. Um, if
you're a civilian and are familiar with the designators here, scrambled
eggs as they're called on the power of a cab row with cap, it's
got legs. Designate a commander or captain, um, admirals flied ranks
would have double, uh, this scrambled eggs. But this is my first commanding
officer toward and or commanding officers will keep their
first ball cap for their committee. Also tours.